if you and eight other strangers were
kidnapped and sealed
inside of a house and forced to play a
death game where only the last person
standing would make it out alive would
you know how to survive
in this video we're going to be going
over the 2005 movie
house of nine and seeing if the
characters could have made better
decisions
and ultimately survive the movie our
movie begins when a woman
among a group of sleepy people wakes up
and she realizes that she's the only one
awake
so she ventures outside the door and
takes a peek into the hallway
there she realizes that there's no one
outside and that the hallway is
completely empty the woman then sees the
front door and starts frantically trying
to break out of the house and she is not
successful so she goes to the windows
which is boarded up completely with
bricks and then she even travels
downstairs
which is boarded up by even more bricks
she then goes into the hallway and has a
panic attack similar to how your
teachers will have a panic attack if you
chewed some gum or something like that
by the time she awakes from her slumber
she sees this pedophile looking old dude
that looks kind of like a creepy uncle
standing on top of her luckily he's just
a priest checking to see if she's awake
and she realizes that everyone inside
the house is
also awake she's very lucky that among
the groups of people there was never a
murder or anything like that because she
would have been an easy target if she
was just passed out on the floor
so to prevent this she should have done
some breathing exercises to prevent the
panic attack in the first place
since everyone's now awake the nine
people don't really know what's
happening to each other so they sort of
just stand there awkwardly until
a voice on the intercom comes on and
explains their situation
welcome to the house one of you here one
of you will win
and the one that wins will receive five
million dollars for his
or her participation i'm sure you've all
seen the shows
but on my show all you have to do to win
this prize is to be the only one to walk
out of this house
alive so the rules to this death game
are actually extremely simple compared
to some of the other ones
all it is is that you're being watched
at all times you can't communicate with
the outside and the last one standing
gets to leave the house alive and wins
five million dollars
if you think about it five million
dollars is a [ __ ] ton of money and you
only have to kill a maximum of 8 people
considering that there's going to be
some other people killing people for you
so if you're the last one standing you
could hypothetically buy 41
000 straight years of pornhub premium if
you wanted to with your 5 million
dollars
after the announcement was made the
entire group starts freaking the [ __ ]
out
not sure what to do however there is one
guy that reveals himself to be a cop by
whipping out his handgun immediately
if i were the cop in this situation i
would definitely not reveal to anyone
that i had the gun
because if they know you have the gun
you immediately become a target because
that gun could win you the 5 million
dollars
and make it to the last one living on a
side note if the cop just took out the
gun
and shot everyone when they weren't
paying attention he could have also been
the winner
i did some research into police pistols
and most of them have glocks and those
glocks definitely hold more than eight
rounds so if he's accurate he should be
able to get rid of all of them without a
problem
for some reason all nine people within
the house maybe because of a coping
mechanism decides that this is all just
one big prank and they were all
kidnapped gassed and brought to this
house
just to be let out in a few hours and
that nothing was gonna happen to them
after sitting around for a long time and
realizing that there's no help coming
the group decide they want to try to
break out of the house
so everyone in the group picks up one
part of the table
and lifts it up to use it as a battering
ram and smashes it against the front
door
in hopes of breaking it open however
these idiots are holding the table in
the
wrong direction so they're smashing it
against the door
rather than against the lock what they
should be doing is flipping the table so
it's vertical and then smashing against
the crease of the door
this way they could break through the
lock rather than having to break through
the entire door itself
and this entire time there's this
extremely posh lady that decides she
doesn't want to help the group at all
and she just sits there smoking a
cigarette
if i was any member of the group i would
just beat the [ __ ] out of her on the
spot
since the group's attempts with the
table failed they all scatter around the
house looking for an
exit the cop finds a little hole in the
ground and decides to start digging
however it doesn't bleed them anywhere
so the group reassembles back in the
lobby
and they come back to seeing that rich
posh lady sitting there drinking some
alcohol she found this entire time
again why isn't anyone beating the [ __ ]
out of her or forcing her to work
fortunately for the rich lady i guess no
one beats her up and the group just have
a little
talk in the middle of the lobby and
decide what to do next until they hear a
loud banging noise
they all go downstairs to check and they
see in a little box that they've been
delivered some chicken and some potatoes
which is nice because
at least they know that they have food
in this situation the group decide that
they should be dividing up the chicken
and potatoes so that everyone gets one
piece of chicken and one potato however
the black dude has other ideas and he
attempts to steal as much chicken as he
possibly can
luckily for the group the cop is there
to stop him while everyone is enjoying
their chicken and potatoes there's a few
interesting conversations that happen
mainly polite stuff that no one really
cares about the only thing i would like
to point out though is the black dude is
a self-proclaimed rapper and he starts
rapping towards the cop about how he and
his friends want to kill police officers
i don't know if this guy just wants to
die or something but he should
definitely not be
doing this to the only dude that has a
gun in the room after eating the group
decide that it's time for bed
since each room has two beds they just
use a system to randomly draft people
into rooms
i would definitely not recommend the
system since what if you accidentally
draft the cop and the black guy into the
same room
or two other people who might be in
conflict with one another
they could fight within the room that's
definitely not what you want in this
situation
so why not just let everyone choose
where to sleep well what do you know
none of the characters followed my
instructions and they drafted two people
who were in conflict in the room they
draft the rich lady and the poor drug
addict together
and the drug addict finds the rich
lady's nude photos which sparks some
conflict
nothing else really happens between any
of the other rooms and people just sort
of go to sleep
what any of these characters could have
done is they could pretend to fall
asleep and by the time
everyone is asleep they could go grab
the bottle that the rich lady was
drinking from earlier
then break it creating a sharp glass
shard that they can use to stab everyone
in the throat while they sleep
it's a pretty silent kill that you can
do over and over again until you're the
last one standing
obviously that would make the movie way
too short so good thing that doesn't
happen
there was a little bit of action however
because the police officer was attacked
and someone tried to steal his gun while
he was sleeping
luckily he's able to fight them off but
he isn't able to see who did it because
it was dark in the room
the police officer obviously angered at
what happened wakes everyone up and they
all convened trying to figure out who
did it and the black dude gets mad that
he got accused
maybe if he took his finger out of his
[ __ ] and stopped being such a dick
all the time he wouldn't be instantly
accused by everyone
as tensions get higher the police
officer shoots three bullets into the
wall to calm everyone down
what i don't understand is why did he
have to waste the bullets just
one shot would have done the trick as
well the group once again
find themselves in the lobby looking for
a solution this is when they find the
drug addict girl was on probation and
she has an ankle monitor so that means
the police should come looking for a sun
since they can track that thing
later the group hear a beeping noise on
the other side of the door so they think
it's the police coming to look for them
they all
bang and scream and the police officer
even shoots bullets in the air
however the beeping just sort of goes
away and now they're all depressed and
stressed out since they thought they
were going to escape
but they couldn't but what better way to
cope with your stress and depression by
drinking your problems away so the group
find
all the booze they possibly can turn on
some music and start partying
you see the problem with the entire
group getting drunk is they're all gonna
have significantly impaired decision
making
if you're in a room full of high
schoolers this is not a problem
however if you're in a room where
everyone wants to kill each other for
five million dollars i think this
becomes a rather large problem during
the party the rapper gets with the girl
who's already has a husband and they're
all touchy and flirty
however her husband walks in at this
awkward time and they get into a fight
which results in the rapper accidentally
pushing the wife and killing her the
group have no choice
other than to throw him in jail since he
literally just killed someone
the game maker obviously really enjoys
that the group finally got someone
killed so he awards them with more food
the priest for some reason feels bad for
the rapper and unlocks the door to bring
him some food but that only results in
the rapper breaking out and killing the
police officer with a pipe
and now the group's only peacekeeper and
voice of reason is now dead
however the police officer makes an
idiot move with his final breath he
gives his gun to the priest whose
sympathy for other people literally got
the police officer killed
and that's not to mention i highly doubt
the priest even knows how to shoot the
gun
and you could tell the police officer
made a mistake on who to give the gun to
because the priest literally has no
authority even with the gun
you could tell because when the new
batch of food arrives everyone just
takes however much they want even when
the priest says not to
so the priest and the drug addict lady
are the last two people who are
relatively peaceful and clear-headed
everyone has stolen as much food as they
can and run off so these last two go and
check in on the rapper
who they find have been hung inside his
room and finally this is when we reach
the breaking point of the movie where
everyone decides it's now time to try to
get the 5 million dollar prize
we start off with the french dude
cleverly walking up to the drug addict
girl
and seeing she's near some water so he
rips the hairdryer off the wall and
electrocutes her
my only advice to the french dude as he
killed the drug dealer lady is he should
check to make sure that she's dead right
here
sometimes electrocution doesn't
completely kill someone so he could just
like go stomp on her head gta style
at this point in the movie the priest
finally uses his gun to stop the
american dude from continuing to steal
food
i think this priest is a legit idiot
because food is your lowest priority at
this point not getting killed should be
a much
bigger priority the rich girl attempts
to persuade the american dude to help
her in staying peaceful however the
america dude was clearly not okay in the
head and he has some alternative ideas
so he grabs his belt and attempts to
strangle her luckily the priest comes
just in time and shoots the american guy
in the head before
she is strangled this is legit the most
useful thing the priest has done this
entire movie
the priestess victory is short-lived
however because the french guy comes and
stabs him from behind
the french dude picks up the gun and
executes the rich girl as well as the
priest
this is a really good move by the french
person's part because if you really
wanted to win this game you cannot
hesitate in killing other people because
then you yourself could become a target
but remember the thing i said about
making sure the electrocuted girl is
dead
well she's not dead she actually woke up
so there's two remaining people but the
french guy thinks he's won the game the
girl that was electrocuted earlier
definitely could have used this to her
advantage and ambush the french dude
while he's celebrating on a table
however she [ __ ] it up by breaking part
of the toilet alerting the french dude
to her location
this results in the french dude and her
fighting where she's trapped under a bed
frame she's able to stab his leg and
escape to the lobby where the french
dude finds her and pushes her
off a ledge this results in the knife
landing on the french dude's stomach
instantly killing him the remaining
survivor sees the door open as she walks
out and claims her 5 million dollars
however the game is far from over she
comes to a room with many other people
also holding those five million dollar
bags meaning there must be another round
between the survivors of each house of
nine
but hey if you wanted to make it out of
the first house of nine now you know how
you could have potentially beaten this
death game
if you enjoyed this video and want to
see more awesome how to be and movie
related videos make sure to hit that
subscribe button for more
i really appreciate the recent support
and this is andrew from obsessive films
signing out have a good rest of your day
[Music]